Java(TM) 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition 1.4 SDK Developer Release
                      Binary Code License Agreement

READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY PROVIDED SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE
TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING THE SOFTWARE
MEDIA PACKAGE. BY OPENING THE SOFTWARE MEDIA PACKAGE, YOU AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF
THE AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR OTHERWISE USE THE JAVA(TM) 2
PLATFORM, ENTERPRISE EDITION 1.4 SDK DEVELOPER RELEASE .  IF YOU ARE
ACCESSING THE JAVA 2 PLATFORM, ENTERPRISE EDITION 1.4 SDK DEVELOPER
RELEASE ELECTRONICALLY, INDICATE YOUR NON-ACCEPTANCE OF THE AGREEMENT
BY SELECTING THE "REJECT" BUTTON OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING THE NEGATIVE
RESPONSE REQUESTED.  YOUR INSTALLATION, COPYING OR USE OF THE JAVA(TM)
2 PLATFORM, ENTERPRISE EDITION 1.4 SDK DEVELOPER RELEASE INDICATES
THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.

If you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of a corporation,
partnership or other legal entity, the use of the terms "you" and
"your" in the Agreement will refer to such entity and the entity
accepting the Agreement represents and warrants to Sun that it has
sufficient permissions, capacity, consents and authority to enter into
the Agreement.

Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
Binary Code License Agreement ("BCL")

THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY PROVIDED SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE
TERMS ARE COLLECTIVELY TERMED THE "AGREEMENT".

1.  LICENSE TO USE.  Sun grants you a non-exclusive and
non-transferable license for the internal use only of the accompanying
software and documentation and any error corrections provided by Sun
(collectively "Software"), by the number of users and the class of
computer hardware for which the corresponding fee has been paid.

2.  RESTRICTIONS.  Software is confidential and copyrighted. Title to
Software and all associated intellectual property rights is retained
by Sun and/or its licensors.  Except as specifically authorized in any
Supplemental License Terms, you may not make copies of Software, other
than a single copy of Software for archival purposes.  Unless
enforcement is prohibited by applicable law, you may not modify,
decompile, or reverse engineer Software.  You acknowledge that
Software is not designed, licensed or intended for use in the design,
construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.  Sun
disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses. No
right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or
trade name of Sun or its licensors is granted under this Agreement.

3.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.  You acknowledge that Software may contain
errors and is not designed or intended for use in on-line control of
aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft communications;
or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any
nuclear facility ("High Risk Activities"). Sun and its licensors
disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses.
You represent and warrants to Sun that it will not use, distribute or
license the Software for High Risk Activities.  SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS".  ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID.

4.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN
NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE,
PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF
LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.  In no event will Sun's liability to you, whether in
contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the amount
paid by you for Software under this Agreement.  The foregoing
limitations will apply even if the above stated warranty fails of its
essential purpose.

5.  Termination.  This Agreement is effective until terminated.  You
may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of
Software.  This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice
from Sun if you fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement. Sun may terminate this Agreement immediately should
Software become, or in Sun's and/or its licensors' opinion be likely
to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of a patent, trade
secret or copyright.  Upon Termination, you must destroy all copies of
Software.  Rights and obligations under this Agreement which by their
nature should survive, will remain in effect after termination or
expiration hereof.  You shall have no rights to recover damages or
seek indemnification arising from rightful termination or expiration
of this Agreement, whether by way of lost profits, expenditures,
payment of goodwill or otherwise.

6.  Export Regulations.  All Software and technical data delivered
under this Agreement are subject to US export control laws and may be
subject to export or import regulations in other countries.  You agree
to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge
that you have the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export,
re-export, or import as may be required after delivery to you.

7.  U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  If Software is being acquired
by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime
contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's
rights in Software and accompanying documentation will be only as set
forth in this Agreement; this is in accordance with 48 CFR 228.8201
through 228.8202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and
with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD acquisitions).

8.  Governing Law.  Any action related to this Agreement will be
governed by California law and controlling U.S. federal law.  No
choice of law rules of any jurisdiction will apply.

9.  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision
omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in
which case this Agreement will immediately terminate.

10.  Integration.  This Agreement is the entire agreement between you
and Sun relating to its subject matter.  It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals,
representations and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or
additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other
communication between the parties relating to its subject matter
during the term of this Agreement.  No modification of this Agreement
will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

For inquiries please contact: Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network
Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054


Supplemental Terms for Java(TM) 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition 1.4 SDK
Developer Release

These terms and conditions for Java(TM) 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition
1.4 SDK Developer Release supplement the terms of the Binary Code
License Agreement ("BCL").  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall
have the meanings ascribed to them in the BCL. These terms shall
supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms in the BCL.

1.License Grant

A.  Internal Use and Development License.  Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and your complete acceptance of this
Agreement, Sun grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free and limited license to: (i) internally reproduce and use
the binary form of Software; and (ii) host Software for third parties,
provided that you: (a) only permit access to Software subject to an
agreement that protects Sun's interests consistent with the terms
contained in this Agreement; and (b) agree to defend and indemnify Sun
and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities,
settlement amounts and /or expenses (including attorneys' fees)
incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third
party that arises or results from the hosting of Software.

For the purposes of this section, internal use includes deployment of
Software in a production environment.

B.  Redistribution.  This Agreement does not grant you the right to
redistribute Software.  Please refer to the following URL for
information regarding the redistribution of Software if you are
interested in redistribution:
http://sun.com/software/products/appsrvr/appsrvr_oem.html

2.Additional Use Conditions

A.  Whenever you are explicitly permitted to copy or reproduce all or
any part of Software, you shall reproduce and not efface any and all
titles, trademark symbols, copyright symbols and legends, and other
proprietary markings on or accompanying Software.  You acknowledge and
agree as between you and Sun that Sun owns the SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA,
J2EE, JINI, FORTE, STAROFFICE, STARPORTAL and IPLANET- related
trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand designations ("Sun
Marks"), and you agree to comply with the Sun Trademark and Logo Usage
Requirements currently located at
http://www.sun.com/policies/trademarks.  Any use you make of the Sun
Marks inures to Sun's benefit.

B. Software may contain source code that is provided solely for
reference purposes pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Source
code may not be redistributed unless expressly provided for in this
Agreement.

C.  "Bundled Software" means any and all additional software bundled
with or embedded in the Software (including without limitation the
Java Development Kit), if any, and delivered to you as part of the
Software.  You may not use any Bundled Software on a stand-alone basis
or use any portion of the Bundled Software to interoperate with any
program other than the Software. Except for this restriction and those
found below, the use of each such bundled or embedded product shall be
governed by its license agreement.  If you desire to use such Sun or
third party products on a stand-alone basis, you must purchase a
separate license permitting such use.

D. You may copy and use the header files and class libraries solely to
create and distribute programs to interface with Software APIs only as
explicitly provided in Software documentation.  You may not modify the
header files or class libraries.

E.  You may not modify the Java Platform Interface ("JPI" identified
as classes contained within the "java" Package or subpackages of the
"java" package), by creating additional classes within the JPI or
otherwise causing the addition to or modification of the classes in
the JPI.  In the event that you create an additional class and
associated API(s) which (i) extends the functionality of the Java
platform, and (ii) is exposed to third party software developers for
the purpose of developing additional software which invokes such
additional API, you must promptly publish broadly an accurate
specification for such API for free use by all developers.  You may
not create, or authorize your licensees to create additional classes,
interfaces, or sub- packages that are in any way identified as "java",
"javax", "sun" or similar convention as specified by Sun in any naming
convention designation.

F.  You shall have the sole responsibility to protect adequately and
backup your data and/or equipment used in connection with the
Software. You shall not claim against Sun or its licensors for lost
data, re-run time, inaccurate output, work delays or lost profits
resulting from your use of the Software.

G.  Software contains application Testing software components
("Verifier") for your convenience.  However, you may not use the Sun
tagline "J2EE(TM) Verified" or similar phrase designated by Sun to
indicate your application's satisfaction of the J2EE Application
Verification Criteria ("verification Tagline") based on the use of
Software or Verifier under this Agreement.  To obtain the right to use
a Verification Tagline, you must license the J2EE Application
Verification Kit from Sun, pay applicable fees, and execute a separate
trademark license for the Verification Tagline.

H.  Refer to the appropriate version of the Java Runtime Environment
binary code license (currently located at
http://www.java.sun.com/j2se) for the availability of runtime code
which may be distributed with your applications.

I.  Termination for Infringement.  Either party may terminate this
Agreement immediately should any Software become, or in either party's
opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of
any intellectual property right.

J.  No Support/Notice of Automatic Software Updates from Sun.  Neither
Sun nor its licensors are under any obligation to support the Software
or to provide you with updates or error corrections (collectively
"Software Updates").  You acknowledge that the Software may
automatically download, install, and execute applets, applications,
software extensions, and updated versions of the Software from Sun
("Software Updates"), which may require you to accept updated terms
and conditions for installation.  If additional terms and conditions
are not presented on installation, the Software Updates will be
considered part of the Software and subject to the terms and
conditions of the Agreement.

K.  Notice of Automatic Downloads.  You acknowledge that, by your use
of Software and/or requesting services that require use of Software,
Software may automatically download, install, and execute software
applications from sources other than Sun ("Other Software").  Sun
makes no representations of a relationship of any kind to licensors of
Other Software.  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
SUN OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA,
OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OTHER SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILTY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

L.  You may not publish or provide the results of any benchmark or
comparison tests run on Software to any third party without the prior
written consent of Sun.



SunONE/ASJ2EE1.4SDKDeveloper				19SEP03/HBF
